// Compost colors for travelersbackpack. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
backpack_tank, #ffffff
black_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
blank_upgrade, #feb296
blue_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
brown_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
crafting_upgrade, #dab297
cyan_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
diamond_tier_upgrade, #bbffff
gold_tier_upgrade, #ffffa5
gray_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
green_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
hose, #76a544
hose_nozzle, #ffea39
iron_tier_upgrade, #f5fbf0
light_blue_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
light_gray_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
lime_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
magenta_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
netherite_tier_upgrade, #b2b5aa
orange_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
pink_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
purple_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
red_sleeping_bag, #702d1b
white_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
yellow_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
